I think I do myself a disservice by comparing myself to Steve Jobs and Walt Disney and human beings that we've seen before. It should be more like Willy Wonka... and welcome to my chocolate factory.
If you have the opportunity to play this game of life you need to appreciate every moment. a lot of people don't appreciate the moment until it's passed.
Would you believe in what you believe in if you were the only one who believed it?
Nobody can tell me where I can and can't go.
I know I got angels watchin me from the other side.
I didn't want to play it boring and safe. I also didn't want to innovate too much. Second albums, man, they're even scarier than first ones.
I was never really good at anything except for the ability to learn.
I still think I am the greatest.
Sometimes people write novels and they just be so wordy and so self-absorbed.
Know your worth! People always act like they're doing more for you than you're doing for them.
We all self-conscious. I'm just the first to admit it.
My message isn't perfectly defined. I have, as a human being, fallen to peer pressure.
I will go down as the voice of this generation, of this decade, I will be the loudest voice.
People always say that you can't please everybody. I think that's a cop-out. Why not attempt it? 'Cause think of all the people you will please if you try.
Black people can be the most conservative, the most discriminating. Especially among ourselves. It wasn't white people who said all black men have to wear baggy jeans.
Keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to god, and keep your face to the raising sun.
The concept of commercialism in the fashion and art world is looked down upon. You know, just to think, 'What amount of creativity does it take to make something that masses of people like?' And, 'How does creativity apply across the board?'
I am Warhol. I am the No. 1 most impactful artist of our generation. I am Shakespeare in the flesh. Walt Disney, Nike, Google.
I'm pretty calculating. I take stuff that I know appeals to people's bad sides and match it up with stuff that appeals to their good sides.
I refuse to accept other people's ideas of happiness for me. As if there's a 'one size fits all' standard for happiness.
Michael Jordan changed so much in basketball, he took his power to make a difference. It's so much going on in music right now and somebody has to make a difference.
George Bush doesn't care about black people.
I don't know what's better gettin' laid or gettin' paid.
They say you can rap about anything except for Jesus, that means guns, sex, lies, video tapes, but if I talk about God my record won't get played Huh?
I liberate minds with my music. That's more important than liberating a few people from apartheid or whatever.
But for me to have the opportunity to stand in front of a bunch of executives and present myself, I had to hustle in my own way. I can't tell you how frustrating it was that they didn't get that. No joke - I'd leave meetings crying all the time.
Man, I'm the No. 1 living and breathing rock star. I am Axl Rose; I am Jim Morrison; I am Jimi Hendrix.
This dark diction has become America's addiction.
I'll say things that are serious and put them in a joke form so people can enjoy them. We laugh to keep from crying.
I don't even listen to rap. My apartment is too nice to listen to rap in.
Our work is never over.
You don't have to be scared of me, because I am loyal. Why are people so scared of creative ideas and so scared of truth? All I want to do is do good.
I ain't here to argue about his facial features. Or here to convert atheists into believers. I'm just trying to say the way school need teachers the way Kathie Lee needed Regis that's the way y'all need Jesus.
Why, if someone is good in one field can they not be accepted or given the slightest opportunity to express and be creative in other fields?
Nothing in life is promised except death.
Creative output, you know, is just pain. I'm going to be cliche for a minute and say that great art comes from pain.
I am God's vessel. But my greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live.
I can always tell if a band has a British rhythm section due to the gritty production.
I really appreciate the moments that I was able to win rap album of the year or whatever.
I thank Marc Jacobs so much for giving me the opportunity to design a shoe for Louis Vuitton, but the thing that broke my heart most was when they said, 'You're finished. The shoe's finished.'
It was a strike against me that I didn't wear baggy jeans and jerseys and that I never hustled, never sold drugs.
I would hear stories about Steve Jobs and feel like he was at 100 percent exactly what he wanted to do, but I'm sure even a Steve Jobs has compromised. Even a Rick Owens has compromised. You know, even a Kanye West has compromised. Sometimes you don't even know when you're being compromised till after the fact, and that's what you regret.
If I was just a fan of music, I would think that I was the number one artist in the world.
In Paris, you're as far as possible from the land of pleasant smiles.
Fashion breaks my heart.
If you see a black family, it's looting, but if it's a white family they are looking for food.
I hate the way they portray us in the media. If you see a black family it says they're looting, if you see a white family it says they're looking for food.
Thirty-three-years-old, still creating art. It's rage, it's creativity, it's pain, it's hurt, but it's the opportunity to still have my voice get out there through music.
When you’re the absolute best, you get hated on the most.
My goal, if I was going to do art, fine art, would have been to become Picasso or greater… That always sounds so funny to people, comparing yourself to someone who has done so much, and that’s a mentality that suppresses humanity...
One of my biggest achilles heels has been my ego. And if I, Kanye West, can remove my ego, I think there’s hope for everyone
I don’t think there’s a living celebrity with more weapons formed against him, but I don’t think there’s one more prosperous.
So, the voices in my head told me go, and then I just walked up, like, halfway up the stage... But I just didn’t really want to take away from Beck’s moment, or the time he’s having to talk. It was kind of a joke – like the Grammys themselves.
I think what Kanye West is going to mean is something similar to what Steve Jobs means. I am undoubtedly, you know, Steve of internet, downtown, fashion, culture. Period. By a long jump. I honestly feel that because Steve has passed, you know, it’s like when Biggie passed and Jay Z was allowed to become Jay Z.
Sometimes people write novels and they just be so wordy and so self-absorbed. I am not a fan of books. I would never want a book's autograph. I am a proud non-reader of books.
I hate when I'm on a flight and I wake up with a water bottle next to me like oh great now I gotta be responsible for this water bottle.
One of the problems with being a bubbling source of creativity - it's like I'm bubbling in a laboratory, and if you don't put a cap on it, at one point it will, like, break the glass. If I can hone that… then I have, like, nuclear power, like a superhero, like Cyclops when he puts his glasses on.
You should only believe about 90 percent of what I say. As a matter of fact, don’t even believe anything that I’m saying at all. I could be completely fucking with you, and the world, the entire time.
There's nothing I really wanted to do in life that I wasn't able to get good at. That's my skill. I'm not really specifically talented at anything except for the ability to learn. That's what I do. That's what I'm here for.
I'm a pop enigma. I live and breathe every element in life. I rock a bespoke suit and I go to Harold's for fried chicken. It's all these things at once, because, as a taste maker, I find the best of everything.
People ask me a lot about my drive. I think it comes from, like, having a sexual addiction at a really young age. Look at the drive that people have to get sex - to dress like this and get a haircut and be in the club in the freezing cold at 3 A.M., the places they go to pick up a girl. If you can focus the energy into something valuable, put that into work ethic.
I jog in Lanvin.
About Kim Kardashian: 'Y'all are acting like this ain't the most beautiful woman of all time. Wait a second, wait a second - I'm talking about arguably of human existence. The top 10 of human existence... I don't give a f*ck what type of jacket she got on.
Visiting my mind is like visiting the Hermès factory. Sh*t is real.
If you read books - which I don't, none at all - about how to become a billionaire, they always say, 'You learn more from your mistakes.' So if you learn from your mistakes, then I'm a f*cking genius.
I am so credible and so influential and so relevant that I will change things.
I feel like I’m too busy writing history to read it.
Fur pillows are hard to actually sleep on.
I believe that bad taste is vulgar. It's like cursing. I think the world can be saved through design, because what is the most distasteful thing someone can do? Kill someone. So, good taste is the opposite of that.
I’m a designer. A musician. A manager. The media try to dishumanise [sic] people who believe in themselves.
For me, first of all, dopeness is what I like the most. Dopeness. People who want to make things as dope as possible, and, by default, make money from it.
I will be the leader of a company that ends up being worth billions of dollars, because I got the answers. I understand culture. I am the nucleus.
I am in the lineage of Gil Scott-Heron, great activist-type artists. But I’m also in the linage of a Miles Davis, you know, that liked nice things too.
It ain't Ralph though.
You ain't got the answers Sway!
Just imagine if I woke up one day and I was whack. What would I do then?
I am the number one human being in music. That means any person that’s living or breathing is number two.
Oh my God, I’m one of the greatest rappers in the world.
The Bible had 20, 30, 40, 50 characters in it. You don’t think that I would be one of the characters of today’s modern Bible?
I’m the closest that hip-hop is getting to God. In some situations I’m like a ghetto Pope.
I’m doing pretty good as far as geniuses go…I’m like a machine. I’m a robot. You cannot offend a robot.
I feel like the type of girl I would be with is a fellow superhero. So we get that “already flying and now we’re just flying together” thing.
I paid my dues when I had to wear a kilt in Chicago, and friends would say, “What’s your boy got on?” but there are warriors that have killed people in kilts in the past.
I’m going to be the Tupac of clothing.
Shoot for the stars, so if you fall you land on a cloud.
Everything I'm not makes me everything I am
For me giving up is way harder than trying.
If you admire somebody, you should go ahead and tell them.
People never get the flowers while they can still smell them.
Believe in your flyness...conquer your shyness
...my music isn't just music - it's medicine.
Love your haters - they're your biggest fans
Society has put up so many boundaries, so many limitations on what’s right and wrong that it’s almost impossible to get a pure thought out. It’s like a little kid, a little boy, looking at colors, and no one told him what colors are good, before somebody tells you you shouldn’t like pink because that’s for girls, or you’d instantly become a gay two-year-old. Why would anyone pick blue over pink? Pink is obviously a better color. Everyone’s born confident, and everything’s taken away from you
To use is necessary. And if you can't be used, then you're useless.
Sometimes when I see a bad performance and people still clap... I wonder if they're clapping because they liked what they saw or because they're happy it's over?
I'll say things that are serious and put them in a joke form so people can enjoy them. We laugh to keep from crying.
I believe in myself like a five-year-old believes in himself. They say look at me, look at me! Then they do a flip in the backyard. It won't even be that amazing, but everyone will be clapping for them.
That that don't kill me, can only make me stronger.
Having money isn't everything, not having it is
My greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live.
If you know you're the best it only makes sense for you to surround yourself with the best. NO EXCEPTIONS.
I'm a creative genius and there's no other way to word it.
Come on now! How could you be me and want to be someone else?
People are going to look at this interview and say, 'I don’t like Kanye. Look, he looks mad. I don’t like his teeth.
When someone comes up and says something like, 'I am a god,' everybody says 'Who does he think he is?' I just told you who I thought I was. A god. I just told you.
I've reached a point in my life where my Truman Show boat has hit the painting.
[On his impulsive behaviour] "It’s only led me to complete awesomeness at all times. It’s only led me to awesome truth and awesomeness. Beauty, truth, awesomeness."
[On Kim Kardashian] "I just see like, an amazing person that I’m in love with that I want to help."
Kate Upton ain’t Marilyn Monroe, Kim is Marilyn Monroe, you know that.
Don’t nobody care about what Obama wearing. You care about the sweatshirt I got on because I know you like, 'That sweatshirt rocks!'
[On his outfits from the late-2000s] "Yeah, kill self. That’s all I have to say. Kill self."
I am a black new wave artist.
I am in the lineage of Gil Scott-Heron, great activist-type artists.
As a man I am flawed, but my music is perfect.
Don't ask me what I think the best song of last year was, because my opinion is the same as most of America's. It was Gold Digger.
Rap is the new rock and roll. We the rock stars… We the rock stars, and I’m the biggest of all of them.
I will completely bow to anybody I respect.
When I think of competition it's like I try to create against the past. I think about Michelangelo and Picasso, you know, the pyramids.
Look at Gaga. She’s the creative director of Polaroid. I like some of the Gaga songs. What the f*** does she know about cameras?
You can’t look at a glass half full or empty if it’s overflowing.
[On his line "Everything I’m not made my everything I am"]: "In my humble opinion, that's a prophetic statement. Gandhi would have said something like that."
I believe that utopia is actually possible—but we're led by the least noble, the least dignified, the least tasteful, the dumbest, and the most political. So in no way am I a politician — I'm usually at my best politically incorrect and very direct.
I don’t know if this is statistically right, but I’m assuming I have the most Grammys of anyone my age, but I haven’t won one against a white person.
White-people food? You know what it is. You never ate fried chicken and said, 'This tastes white.'
You know, if Michael Jordan can scream at the refs, me as Kanye West, as the Michael Jordan of music, can go and say, 'This is wrong.'
What if you did music, and someone else could come in and change your words around and then release it to the radio? That's how interviews are!
[On a four star review from Vibe magazine] "A horrible album with just Jesus Walks on it is a four! C’mon dog, the demo version was a five! You need to rate it again, but you’ll have to create a new rating system."
No flip flops for black dudes. I don’t care where you at.
If you don’t make Christmas presents, meaning making something that’s so emotionally connected to people, don’t talk to me.
Respect my trendsetting abilities. Once that happens, everyone wins.
I've known my mom since I was zero years old. She is quite dope.
The prettiest people do the ugliest things.
I will go down as the voice of a generation.
I’ve put myself in a lot of places where a vain person wouldn’t put themselves in. Like what’s vanity about wearing a kilt?
Sometimes I get emotional over fonts
Man... whatever happened to my antique fish tank?
I just threw some kazoo on this bitch
Man... ninjas are kind of cool... I just don’t know any personally
We’re millenials, bro. This is a new mentality. We’re not gonna control our kids with brands. We’re not gonna teach low self esteem and hate to our kids. We’re gonna teach our kids they can be something. We’re gonna teach our kids they can stand up for themselves. We’re gonna teach our kids to believe in themselves.
In the same way Adidas supported me, I want Disney Imagineering to support my ideas.
[On Sway] "He really didn’t have the answers. That was incorrect what he was saying. I could have said it in a calmer way, but he was misinformed."
[AIDS is] a man-made disease. [It was] placed in Africa just like crack was placed in the black community to break up the Black Panthers.
What's a B+ mean? I'm an extremist, its either pass or fail! A+ or F-! You know what, f--k you and the whole f--king staff!
I walk through the hotel and I walk down the street and people look at me like I'm f--king insane, like I'm Hitler. One day the light will shine through, and one day people will understand everything I ever did.
Kim doesn’t understand what a blessing I am to her.
I'm like a tree. I feed the branches of the people.
I would find you in any lifetime.
Yo Taylor, I'm really happy for you, I'mma let you finish, but Beyoncé has one of the best videos of all time. One of the best videos of all time!
You may be talented, but you’re not Kanye West.
The media crucify me like they did Christ.
I feel like there’s still n***as that owe me checks. I feel like there’s still bitches that owe me sex.
